[theme music plays]
Not looking so good there, Milt.
Trouble sleeping?
I've been sleeping great,
thanks for asking.
Clever, Mr. Gorski.
You mean, for a Chicago cop.
-I underestimated you.
-It's all right, I get that a lot.
Allow me to congratulate you.
He's kind of got this, like,
sad, lonely dog look.
-[laughter]
-Is that your cluster?
That was the longest stakeout of my life
and right now we're just
kind of enjoying this.
You should.
It's a victory.
It's been quite a while since
one of us has gotten to one of them.
-He just said, "one of us."
-[soft laughter]
You and I have more in common
than you'll ever have with any sapien.
Really? That's all you got?
A little... sensorium pride?
Give me some pound, brother.
If that was all I had,
it'd keep me up at night, too.
Hey...
we done bullshitting?
Good.
I know how hierarchies work.
I know there's no way that one of us
is ever gonna be in charge of them.
Which means that your boss, Mr. Croome,
is back there somewhere.
I want him in here. Now.
-You don't understand. These people--
-Oh, we're amateurs. Right.
Nom? Let's give him a taste.
Okay.
His aunt is sick.
An hour ago, he sent "get well" flowers.
Chose the largest of the three options.
Classy.
Very.
Tell him...
we hope his aunt feels better soon.
He wants me to tell you
he hopes your aunt gets well.
-[Amanita] Oh, there's more.
-Huh...
Same florist.
Three dozen black roses to "Rita."
Wife's name.
Claire.
-Naughty boy.
-[typing]
Tell us about Rita.
He wants to know about Rita.
That oughta do it.
What are you hoping to accomplish here,
Will? Blackmail?
No, hardly.
Guys like him...
guys who live behind walls like this,
they get the rules.
You know them, you own them.
[door opens]
Told ya.
All right, Mr. Gorski. Here I am.
You went to a great deal of trouble,
Mr. Gorski, to bring us to this point.
Where do we go from here?
Since he can't hear me, we're gonna have
to play a fun little game of telephone.
Repeat every word I say. First...
First... he wants a meeting.
-And I want it face...
-He wants it face to face.
Is that it?
-He wants it without--
-I want it without old Milt here
creeping around in my head.
I said every word.
-Nom?
-Should I use his private number?
I would.
What he's asking for is unacceptable.
-What's that?
-Sir, it would be a critical mistake.
I am the only advantage in this situation.
From my position, Mr. Gibbons,
you've exaggerated your value.
-No. No.
-How's it feel, Milton?
The Chairman will hear about this.
[shot hissing]
Is that it?
[exhales]
I'm okay. I'm just-- I'm just tired.
You did well.
Oh, my God. Does that mean...?
He's gone.
[soft acoustic rock plays]
[music continues]
[soft laugh]
Are you all right?
I am.
You were singing.
Was I?
Was it a dream?
[humming melody]
Was it about getting out?
It was.
[soft acoustic rock continues]
Hello, team!
Here's our man.
I'm feeling it today, man! I'm feeling it.
That's great, Lito.
I'm having one of those days, man.
I'm on fire.
Oh... [exhales]
Check out this view, man. So beautiful.
I love the city.
We're so lucky.
So beautiful. We're so lucky.
-Have a seat. Have a seat.
-Hello, baby.
Hi, love.
Listen, I know Angels
was a bit of a disappointment,
but I'm already thinking
about the new film
-and I have great ideas for the part.
-Lito.
Listen, he starts out
kind of like a bad guy,
but I think I can give him
a bit of vulnerability
-so he doesn't look too much of a jerk.
-The studio pulled the offer.
What?
They decided to go
in a different direction.
-I thought we had a deal.
-We had dog shit.
[stammers] There was a start date.
[woman] They're invoking
the morals clause.
-There's a morals clause?
-Oh, yes.
Look, Lito, it doesn't matter, okay?
The project was shit.
The director: shit.
The screenplay: total shit.
I thought you loved the script.
I loved what you were going
to bring to it.
But the script itself?
I mean, pure fertilizer.
Come on, Lito.
This is good news.
I mean, now we can go after another deal.
A better deal.
See, every year we say no to offers
because you're too busy.
So now, we can say yes.
Pass me that, please.
Here.
Take these, darling. Hm?
I'm sure you'll fall in love again.
Okay.
Hey, Lito.
You're still our guy,
you know that, right?
I want pasta.
Carbs. Yes.
Flour and Water.
Oh, God, their pizza.
See, this is exactly what we needed.
A nice dinner out, remember what it's like
to be normal again.
[laughing]
[door unlocking]
Prisoner 773, get your stuff. Come on, up!
Get your uniform.
-Come on, get up. Now. Hurry.
-[man 2] Stay there.
Come on.
-[indistinct chatter, laughter]
-[meows playfully]
There's my Angels!
You both look so damn hot!
-Thanks, Bug.
-Don't wait up.
-Nomi.
-[Nomi gasps]
-What?
-It's Sun.
Help me.
Something's wrong.
They're not from this prison.
-How do you know that?
-[Will] Uniforms don't fit.
Tasers aren't carried
by any of the other guards.
She's in trouble. There are three guards.
She thinks they're gonna kill her.
The hell they are.
Bug?
We're inside their security system.
We've got eyes on you.
-Camera's down, got no visual.
-That camera just powered down.
Do not go in that room.
Do not go in that room!
[grunting]
-[electrical crackling]
-[groans]
[gasping, shouting]
[electrical crackling]
-Ah!
-Capheus! Are you okay?
[coughs]
-[gasping]
-[man] Bring her in.
-Bring her in!
-[shouting]
[Sun shouting, gasping]
-[electrical crackling]
-Ah!
Capheus! Capheus!
-No! Honey! Honey!
-[Bug] Buddy!
Stop the car! Come on!
-Capheus! Capheus!
-Oh!
[tires screeching]
-[panting]
-Are you okay?
-[Sun moaning]
-Pull her up.
Get her up.
[grunting]
-[electrical crackling]
-Ah!
[gasping]
-[echoing gasps]
-[muffled] Are you okay? Capheus!
[muffled coughing, gasping]
[muffled grunting]
[muffled] Capheus!
[inaudible]
[grunts]
[loud gasping]
-[coughing]
-[gasping]
[woman] Are you okay?
[man] Shoot her!
[man 2] I can't! It's jammed!
[gasping]
You stay where you are.
Help her.
[man] Don't move!
[grunting]
[electrical crackling]
[screams]
[Sun panting]
[coughing, gasping]
She's bleeding!
Call for an ambulance, guys! Quickly!
-[gasping, coughing]
-Careful.
Are you okay?
Thank you.
When they took you...
I saw the look I used to see
in the eyes of my husband.
He thought he could do
what he wanted to me.
They made the same mistake like him.
They won't make it again.
No, they won't.
-Nom? You all right?
-I'm okay.
-You sure?
-Uh, I'm okay.
Are you all right?
Yeah.
You're bleeding.
-[gasps] You're hurt.
-No, it's okay. No, it's okay.
-Those cameras are still down.
-What now?
Got a few minutes before
they figure out what happened.
-Now what?
-Um...
-How's the alarm system override?
-I own this thing.
I'll make it sing "Born Free" if you want.
I am old.
All they can do is extend my sentence.
That is not a threat to me.
I will take responsibility for this.
You can stay if you want.
Or you can come with me.
Where you going?
Jailbreak, baby.
Time to bust out of this joint.
-[grunts]
-[body thuds]
Shit. No cars.
Oh, yes! [laughs]
There's a bus.
-[electrical fizzling]
-[engine starts]
Are you sure you can drive a bus?
[chuckles] Can I drive a bus?
What about the gate clearance?
-Bug?
-I got something. Bit of a jimmy-job.
Go with it.
[man on intercom] I thought you didn't
have a run until the late shift?
We, um...
Are you kidding me? Come on.
Since when did these fucking guys
ever give us a fucking schedule?
That's the truth.
Oh, here's your clearance coming through.
[exhales sharply]
[gate buzzing]
-She-- she's clear?
-Yeah.
Really?
Yeah.
We just helped someone
break out of prison.
-Yeah.
-♪ Born free ♪
-♪ As free as the wind blows ♪
-[laughing]
-♪ Free as... ♪
-So much for normal.
Is that it?
No. They're gonna come after her.
-There'll be helicopters.
-Roadblocks.
We should get rid of the bus.
Find a parking lot.
Agreed.
What are we doing?
Shopping.
Wi-Fi alarm. Too risky.
Perfect.
[door unlocks]
-[grunts]
-[engine starts]
Where did a banker's daughter
learn to be a car thief?
Other lives.
Okay, let's go.
Now what?
-The city has the most hiding places.
-It also has the most cops and cameras.
Right, and her brother's
going to expect her.
We need a place to lay low for a while.
[clears throat]
Are you all right, dear?
When I'm nervous, I talk to myself.
Well... [chuckles]
I don't want to interrupt
what was a very lively conversation,
but I have a friend
who lives not far from here.
Do you trust her?
With my life.
-[clapping]
-[man] Move your asses!
-[man] Yeah! Come on!
-[TV plays indistinctly]
[man] He's free in the middle!
Lewandowski's free!
Come on! [shouts] Yeah!
Right! Let's go. That's my man.
Ooh! Have you seen that?
Well! You there. Volume down.
Are you a Bayern man?
No, no, not at all.
No, I own several players on both teams.
I'm interested in talent, not games.
That's why you are here.
Would you like to have a drink?
-Sure.
-Oh, yeah. He'll have a beer,
-and I'll...
-A beer?
How about this 50-year-old Scotch
over there?
No.
No, I'm joking. Marvelous choice.
-[whistles] Nice crib.
-Thank you.
And speaking of talent, allow me
to introduce my extraordinary right hand.
I would be lost without her.
Lila Facchini.
Pleasure to meet you.
-Lila is Neapolitan.
-Italian?
Neapolitan.
Lila, would you mind grabbing
the contracts from my desk?
Not at all.
So you're just going to sign a huge club
over to people you barely know?
I made a promise. Have a seat.
You showed up. The club is yours.
I own a key shop.
I don't know anything
about running a club.
The last owner never danced,
he never drank,
never partook in any of the reasons
you go to a club.
-Sounds like a waste. [laughs]
-Exactly.
How do you run a restaurant
without ever eating the food?
Boo!
I don't imagine you will make
the same mistake.
Want to play?
[chuckles] Knowing me, I'd find
much bigger mistakes to make.
[Sebastian] I doubt it.
I see this as a tremendous growth
opportunity for both of us.
[Felix chuckles]
[Felix] We just came here because
we thought you were jerking our chain.
[Sebastian] I'm very serious.
If you give me a chance,
I'd like to explain why.
I don't know. He's got somewhere
he's supposed to be and--
Wolfie?
Hey, Wolfie.
Huh?
[Felix] What you think?
Yeah, let's keep talking.
[man] Fresh water!
New water! [whistles]
Clean water!
[whistling]
Fresh water! [whistles]
-Fresh water!
-[Capheus] Ken!
Hey, Capheus.
I'll take two.
Sorry. Prices went up.
-Again?
-Election time.
They gotta fill their pockets.
But people can't take it.
It feels like something got to give.
The competition lacks vision.
I'm not talking about just stupidity,
I'm talking about monkeys
banging on typewriters.
They smuggle girls from Bosnia
or some such place.
They rig football games.
Labor the margins with numbers and drugs.
Talentless chicken thieves
with pickpocket ambition.
Have you played outside your cluster?
-Am I your first?
-Lila, would you mind
passing me the potatoes?
Thanks, darling.
Theirs is the old world. It's...
It's tribal. It's primitive.
The new world is the interconnected world
of global finance.
What is considered illicit today
is commonplace tomorrow.
How can I feel you touching me
if I'm not touching myself?
When you jerk off,
do you think about your hand
or do you think about something else?
I am something else.
Capital exists beyond the auspices
of ethics, morals or even law.
Does it feel this real
because we're so close?
It helps.
Money flows into this fine city constantly
from all over the planet.
I'm not talking about
a trickle or a stream.
-You have to want it.
-Exactly.
Right now, it's a raging flood.
Hey, Wolfie, any idea
what this guy's talking about?
Yeah. International money laundering.
Big scale.
Oh, you're good.
How big?
Billions.
Pretty big.
He's afraid that a gang war
would be bad for business.
Help me and I promise
to make it worth your while.
We might be interested.
-Cheers.
[vehicle approaching]
Oh, trust me, you will not find anything
better at this price point.
Hernando? Hernando? Hernando.
-What?
-It's coming. In the room.
Cars.
-There's cars in the room. Cars.
-Ah! Um...
-Parking?
-No. No, no.
All our inside spots are already taken,
but there's adequate street parking.
"Adequate." An appropriate word.
It... it looked bigger in the pictures.
Yes, a tiny bit.
You said you had one with a balcony?
Oh, yes. It's very charming.
I'm showing it tonight.
Can we see it?
[woman] If you insist.
And, uh, how much did you say this one is?
Beyond your limit.
But you can clearly see why.
-This won't be on the market long.
-[phone rings]
-Feel free to look around.
-Thank you.
Yes?
-[knocks on glass]
-Uh-huh.
Come.
-Come. Come?
-Come.
[clears throat] No.
-I love it.
-I love it, too.
Do you?
-Yes?
-Yeah, I love it.
-It's ours.
-It's twice.
-Twice?
-Yes. Twice.
Twice.
I'm such an idiot.
The first rule of acting:
hold onto your money. But no, no.
I acted as if the train would never stop.
-This is my fault.
-No, it's my fault.
I never carry my share.
-That is not true. You're working.
-It is true.
Lito, come on. I...
Two years ago, the Orozco museum
offered me the job of curator
for three times,
three times what I made as a teacher.
-But you're doing what you love.
-I wanted to teach, "shape young minds."
But you're doing what you love.
And that's important, right?
And I'm doing what I love.
And we love this apartment.
Some-- somehow, it's got to add up.
Oh, my God! Did you see the tub?
Oh, it's huge! We could totally all fit!
I mean, I know we haven't
talked about it.
I mean, I don't mean--
It's just-- this place is perfect.
You could have the big room
and if I gave up my apartment,
it would totally be affordable.
But I mean, no, I just realized--
I'm sorry.
I'm making this huge assumption
and if you want, I'll leave.
Dani, Dani, Dani...
I think that the fact we could all fit
in the tub... means it must be ours.
[all laugh]
[doorbell buzzing]
[woman] Yeah? Who is it?
[Min-Jung] It's me.
You...
Come in. Get in.
Get in, get in.
Come on.
Croome said we could have an hour
with Jonas.
I've seen no one watching
or waiting around.
I think it's safe.
Why would Jonas pick this place?
[sighs]
[Riley] I'll keep an eye on you
from across the bridge.
Oh, my fucking God.
Yes, my new surroundings
are less than salubrious.
I couldn't understand why they
were bothering to keep me alive...
until I realized you were still free.
How you managed that
after being seen by Whispers,
I'm not sure I'll ever understand.
I know what manhunts cost.
I knew eventually someone
higher up the food chain
would hold Whispers accountable.
Well done.
Why'd you want to meet here, Jonas?
I wasn't sure if they'd try to trace me
to our conversation.
Here, at least, you could disappear
on any one of these trains, quickly.
There's train stations everywhere, though.
Why this one?
You are a good cop.
It was very different
when I first came here.
But then, so am I, so...
maybe this version makes more sense.
We forget so much more than we remember.
Maybe we need to.
Maybe that's what makes it bearable.
What happened here?
[Jonas] I had just got off the train...
thought about getting on another...
when I saw him.
Who?
My father.
What a mad, wonderful man he was.
He passed?
Cancer.
A rarity for us.
But he went surrounded
by all his children.
Some 80 of us.
It felt fucking biblical.
So any gender can give birth to a cluster?
Correct. We can also give birth
at any time in our lives.
This is one of the things
that terrifies them the most about us:
potential population growth.
I read about this.
So how many of us are there?
Estimates vary from the thousands
to tens of thousands.
-But rising?
-Oh, yes.
-Why?
Epigenetic factors.
So, does that mean anyone
can be born sensate?
No.
Angelica could explain it more clearly,
but it's genetically encoded.
If it's a genetic disposition,
does that mean Angelica identified
specific genes?
I know you've all got a lot of questions,
but shouldn't we prioritize a little?
I was.
I have quite a list.
Ask him about the rest of his cluster.
What about your cluster?
I am our last.
BPO.
Most of us, yes. Not all.
And what about Angelica's first cluster?
I'd never met anyone like Angelica.
[Jonas] I thought at first
the sensate connection I experienced
had something to do with the building.
I came back to try and understand
if I was losing my mind, and I found her.
[Angelica] How can this be?
[whispering] You're here,
and I can touch you. You're in my head.
She experienced things with such...
open, honest joy.
[moaning]
I can see them.
After the birthing, she was so happy,
I thought she'd float away
like a loose balloon.
[indistinct chatter]
Come here. Look at this.
But not every sensate
is happy being born like us.
His name was Todd.
He hated what he was.
[Todd] Please help me. Please...
They can fix us. They can make us normal.
-Todd, we are normal.
-No.
[Jonas] One by one,
they disappeared from us.
The last one was the only one I'd met.
He was a reporter from Mexico.
Have you ever heard of
quantum entanglement?
Particles respond to the same stimuli
across huge distances.
Will you teach me to talk to trees?
[Jonas] He was just like her.
His name was Raoul.
Raoul? Raoul Pasquale?
Did you know him?
I did.
He interviewed me a long time ago.
We had a connection.
I remember when he disappeared.
Angelica went to Chicago
searching for him.
That's how she began working
with Whispers.
I'd love to stay and chat, but I fear
visiting hours have come to an end.
Jonas... I need to understand how much
leverage we've got with this guy Croome.
There's something going on inside BPO.
Some kind of internal struggle.
They are, like many of us
in our institutions,
-going through an identity crisis.
-What are they fighting over?
I suspect Mr. Croome
can answer that better than I.
What I do know is there's
always an "us and them"
even inside a tightly controlled "them"
like BPO.
I don't trust him.
But right now, worry about yourselves.
And Croome. Do not trust any of them.
It's like you hooked a lizard
inside the snake pit.
Croome may not be as dangerous
as the rest of them,
but in the end he's just as cold-blooded.
-[shot hisses]
-[gasps]
Jonas.
Mm...
Oh, my God, it's so good.
Mm. She used to own a restaurant.
Down in Busan. Nothing fancy.
I remember after I gave birth
to our son,
oh, you could say we were happy.
But...
But then, I discovered my husband
liked to gamble. A lot.
Mm-hm.
Soon he was in debt to some dangerous men.
He lost the bar and had a breakdown
and threw himself under a train. Stupid.
I'm sorry.
Oh, don't be.
Now, I was in debt to those dangerous men.
They told me, "Take a holiday
across the water in Japan, take a ferry,
take your son, and take a suitcase.
Take ten of these holidays,
and then we'll forgive your debt."
For nine holidays,
everything went smoothly.
But on the tenth trip,
when I got off the boat at Busan...
police were waiting.
That's how we met.
-Mm-hm. [laughs]
-Mm-hm. That's very true.
But after I was finally
released from prison...
my son hardly knew me.
He still feel ashamed
of his drug-smuggling mother.
One day, he will understand.
And now, life is a big trap
made up of little traps.
If you listen hard...
sometimes you could hear them snap shut.
[Croome] Rembrandt.
His name is synonymous with "masterpiece."
And this,
arguably one of his greatest paintings.
An iconic work of individuals
setting aside their differences
for a common good. [chuckles]
Yet, in its day,
this painting was ridiculed,
called "a mess," "the work of an amateur."
There were stories about the gents
who hired Rembrandt
refusing to pay because
they were unhappy with their likenesses.
The painting was so unappreciated that
when they moved from one hall to another,
they decided it was too big,
so they just slashed chunks
off the bottom and the side.
This amputation is what we have left.
And we built an entire museum around it.
What changed?
The painting is still the painting.
But what we see is not what people saw
hundreds of years ago.
How we see changes.
The same is true for our ears.
The music of Mozart was not heard
by the people of his time
the way we hear it today.
Why?
Because our senses,
including our common sense, are evolving.
And I think that is because
of people like you.
If BPO thinks the way you do,
why all the secrecy and control?
Obviously, not everyone thinks like I do.
What do they want that's different
from what you want?
How much do you know about BPO?
Biologic Preservation Organization.
Began in the early '60s by...
...Ruth El-Saadawi.
An incredible woman.
One of the great scientific minds
of our time.
She believed sapiens and sensorium
to be obligate mutualisms,
dependent on one another for survival.
BPO was founded by her
and dedicated to her vision
of natural and ethical balance.
That doesn't sound like the same
organization we know from Iceland.
No.
So what changed?
The same thing that changed
for the rest of the world... 9/11.
The end of the Cold War mutated
into the endless War on Terror.
And whether we're talking
about spies or terrorists,
sensates, by their nature,
are a threat to secrecy and sovereignty.
Hm...
In that group of differing soldiers,
there's only one pair of eyes looking to
the flag, looking to the bigger picture.
Those eyes are the eyes
of Rembrandt himself,
hidden there, behind everyone.
His eyes are looking to the future.
And that's exactly where I'm looking.
There's a strong group of us inside BPO.
We believe we can change
the present direction of the organization
back to the vision of Dr. El-Saadawi.
What I want from you is time.
And trust.
These are psi-blockers,
the same pills Milton takes
to immunize himself for a period of time.
Consider it a token of goodwill.
And a down payment for a better future
for both of us.
[grunting, shouting]
Hello, Will.
[grunting]
Ahh!
[grunts]